Modularize, update, and enhance user focus of the "Architecture" part of Planning_for_Project (#2607)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_kickstart-workflow.adoc

Reviewer: Maybe also change the title to "Install {target} using Kickstart file"?

Author: Let's track this in https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/2764

[id="Kickstart-Workflow_{context}"]
= Kickstart Workflow

You can use Kickstart to automate the installation process of a {ProjectName} or {SmartProxyServer} by creating a Kickstart file that contains all the information that is required for the installation.

> When you run a {ProjectName} Kickstart script, the following workflow occurs:

Reviewer 2: How about this? It would make it clearer what "it" is.

```suggestion
When you run a {ProjectName} Kickstart script, the script performs the following actions:
```

Reviewer 2: With this wording, we might even omit the "It" from each bullet, which would make it more scannable.
